Explain loss function and optimization (#352)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: episodes/1-introduction.Rmd

In the following table, fill in the missing values in the 'squared error' column. What is the MSE loss
for the predictions on these 4 samples?

| **Prediction** | **Expected value** | **Squared error** |
|----------------|--------------------|-------------------|
| 1              | -1                 | 4                 |
| 2              | -1                 | ..                |
| 0              | 0                  | ..                |
| 3              | 2                  | ..                |
|                | **MSE:**           | ..                |

:::: solution
## Solution
| **Prediction** | **Expected value** | **Squared error** |
|----------------|--------------------|-------------------|
| 1              | -1                 | 4                 |
| 2              | -1                 | 9                 |
| 0              | 0                  | 0                 |
| 3              | 2                  | 1                 |
|                | **MSE:**           | 3.5               |

::::
:::

So, a loss function quantifies the total error of the model.
The process of adjusting the weights in such a way as to minimize the loss function is called 'optimization'.

> We will dive further into how optimization works in episode 3,
> for now it is enough to understand that during training the weights in the network are adjusted so that the loss decreases through the process of optimization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will dive further into how optimization works in episode 3.
For now, it is enough to understand that during training the weights in the network are adjusted so that the loss decreases through the process of optimization.
```

> Ultimately resulting in a low loss, and thus predictions that are close to the expected values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ultimately results in a low loss, and this, generally, implies predictions that are closer to the expected values.
```
